well today we will present you with the bodywork the subject
was oil
the mosque afp mt 900
you can see the package
this is the presentation so
of the car we will open the pack
so
the car
so she does not have the white goddess
for there was in the package a body so parme demotte cries
where it will of course take banner take off all the elements
on the pac man is 98
the ports of the rims
backs are 3
and starting from 2
so
you found in the crash
already not nothing with the departure of three millimeters
dbs style
you found
the support is 41 years old
initiated by the side bodies
s
in back
the people from before
with a decor of 2
the taillights
front lights
the windshield of the car
the future of his dance clip
like these
here
but especially these parts are not glued
I recall that this product and now available
shire his pdm
I wish you
A very good day
thanks then see